All right so I want to make a quick note about something that you'll see when you're dealing with exponential
functions.
And the next topic coming up as well which is a logarithmic functions.
So in math there is a special number called E.
All right.
So when we say e we know we are talking about that number and that number is also called Euler's number
and Euler was a mathematician you know hundreds of years ago super smart guy and he was involved in
the discovery of this number
and I would be very surprised if your professor asked you know where this number comes from.
And basically all classes that I've taught for Bessus calculus all you need to know is that E is a number
that is approximately equal to two point seventy one
right.
So you might see this number as a base often.
So for example you could have something like E to the three.
So to get this you can actually go to calculators and it's funny scientific calculators actually have
this number enough for you to plug in.
So you can actually go to a calculator and say each of the three and get the actual results.
And actually if we go to Google we can actually get the result right there on Google.
So let's see what this one is specifically.
So I just went to Google and typed in E to the three.
Google already knows that.
Is that number that we're talking about.
And it says that the result is this.
All right.
So again big number we'll just approximate it and say it's approximately equal to 20 point 0 9 so will
say that E is approximately equal to 20 points 09.
By the way if you've never seen this before this are approximately equal to.
So instead of having the equal sign you have like two squiggly lines like this and that means approximately
equal to.
All right.
So I just want you to be aware of Euler's number.
Again it is a mathematical constant.
It never changes and it is approximately equal to two point seventy one.
So you might see it as a base for exponential functions.
In this case this is not really a function.
It's just each of the three.
But you could see it and stuff like this.
For example each of the X so that could be your f of x for a given problem.
Or you could have stuff like f of x equals e to the two x etc. etc..
So this is again an exponential because you have a base which is a number.
And then you have a letter and the exponent also you'll see a lot of e in the section for logarithms
which we're going to cover next.
So again when you see don't get scared.
It's just another number.